Okay,
guys.
So now we're gonna have an example for the input box so we can write input box,
What is your name?
And that is the prompt argument.
And we could put the total as name and then the default value could be Please enter your
name.
So this is gonna be our input box.
So if you run that you can see here,
we've got the default value.
Us.
Please enter your name.
So we're using it to guide the user on what to enter.
If you press ok or press cancel,
nothing is gonna happen.
So I press cancel.
Nothing happened pressed.
Okay,
Nothing happened because we're still not set up the input box to capture the value that the
user inputs.
So,
in order to capture the value that the user inputs,
you could either put the value in a cell.
So say range a one equals whether user inputs,
for example,
or you could put it in a variable.
So dim your name as string.
So we're gonna make it a string because the input box actually outputs values as a string.
So this is why we're gonna make the data type of the variable to be a string.
Now we're going to set that variable to be equal to the input box.
So your name is equal to Input box.
And because the input box now is on the right hand side of an assignment operator of the
equal sign,
we will get an error this way.
So we need to put its arguments between brackets chicken.
See here.
Now we've got a variable called your name that whatever the user types into the input box
is going to go into the your name variable.
And then we can have a message box Hello?
And then a space and concoct innate that onto your name.
Okay,
so let's try that input box.
So if you run that,
what is your name?
I'm gonna enter mining,
for example abderaman and then click.
OK,
so is gonna display a message.
Hello,
Abderrahmane.
Now,
if we run it as well and instead of pressing okay,
we press,
cancel pressing,
cancel gives us a blank value or puts a blank very into the variable,
basically.
So when you press cancel,
we get just hello and blank,
because when you press cancel,
you just get a blank value,
okay?
So let's see some examples about dealing with the different scenarios for the user's input
.
So,
for example,
what if the user presses okay with the default value,
as please enter your name so we could have an if statement here.
If your name is equal to please enter your name,
then we will display a message box invalid value received.
Please enter your name.
Now What if the user enters a blank value or presses cancel so we could have else.
If your name is equal to Blank,
then message box name is mandatory.
Please enter your name.
Okay,
so now when we receive an invalid value or blank value from the user,
we are prompting him to enter his name.
However,
if you run the macro this way,
we're going to go through the if statement if the user does not give us a proper value.
But then we're gonna have the message box Hello and the improper value.
Right?
So we need to do something to redirect a user to go back and enter his name.
So let's run it and see what happens first.
So here it says,
Please enter your name.
So let's say I'm gonna press cancel.
So this way I've given a blank values so you can see her.
Now that there's a message box,
it says name is mandatory.
Please enter your name.
So if you press OK,
it's going to say hello and a blank family.
You right?
Because we've got the message box being executed here just after the if statement.
So we need something to adjust the flow so we could have a go to statement.
So go to start,
for example,
and we'd have this go to statement here is well,
okay.
And then we would have a starting point here.
Start.
So this way the user would be going back to the input box that prompts him to enter his
name.
So if you run that and then we would not enter a proper value.
So here,
if you press OK,
so this way we've entered,
Please enter your name,
which is not a proper value.
So says your invalid value received.
Please enter your name and then we go back to the input box.
This says what is your name?
So this way,
if I enter a proper value my name,
for example here and we've press.
OK,
would go to the hello message box.
Okay,
so this is one way of dealing with improper values or improper inputs.
The are given by the user.
So thank you very much,
guys,
for watching this video and I'll see on the next one.